README.md, before:

# A crawler for EST main realestate web page www.kv.ee

## The initial set-up:
    - Go to the directory you wish to clone the repo

        % git clone https://github.com/eertamm/web-crawlers.git
        % cd web-crawlers

    - Create a python virtual environment because modules like 'requirements' and 'beautifulsoup4' tend to conflict with root settings

        % python3 -m venv <your venv name>

    - Launch your virutal environment

        % source <your venv name>/bin/activate

    - Install dependencies

        % pip3 install -r requirements.txt


## The how-to:
    You must go and create the base query on the website itself.
        - pick 100 answers per page and the sorting option of your liking.
        - paste that query lik into the code (line 6)
        - define how many result pages you want to iterate over (line 77)

    Once done, launch the crawler

        % python3 kvcrawl.py
    
    Type in the number of pages you wish to crawl through.    
    Type in the keyword you search for (e.g. koduloom) and await for the results.

### In case of error 403:
    Google for a different header format and replace the exisiting one. 
    kv.ee tends not to like automated searches that much so from time to time, 
    changing header section is neccessary.

Commit message:

brought base url into commandline and made paging dynamic (no difference how many listings are on the base query

README.md, after:

# A crawler for EST main realestate web page www.kv.ee

## The initial set-up:
    - Go to the directory you wish to clone the repo

        % git clone https://github.com/eertamm/web-crawlers.git
        % cd web-crawlers

    - Create a python virtual environment because modules like 'requirements' and 'beautifulsoup4' tend to conflict with root settings

        % python3 -m venv <your venv name>

    - Launch your virutal environment

        % source <your venv name>/bin/activate

    - Install dependencies

        % pip3 install -r requirements.txt


## The how-to:
    
        - go and create the base query on the website www.kv.ee itself and copy it to your clipboard.

    Once done, launch the crawler

        % python3 kvcrawl.py
    
        - Paste the query link.
        - Type in the number of pages you wish to crawl through.    
        - Type in the keyword you search for (e.g. lemmikloom / rõdu / mänguväljak etc) and await for the results.
            the search uses regex so it searches for a pattern *keyword*
